Vectorize `fuzzy_row_match` (#489)
emdgroup/baybe: CHANGELOG.md

  `supports_batching` and `supports_pending_experiments`
- `SHAPInsight` now allows explanation input that has additional columns compared to 
  the background data (will be ignored)

> - `fuzzy_row_match` now uses vectorized operations, resulting in a speedup of matching 
>   measurements to the search space between 4x and 40x

Reviewer: I'd actually omit the exact number since this is probably super dependent on the context / machine/ moon phase ...

```suggestion
- `fuzzy_row_match` now uses vectorized operations, significantly accelerating
  matching measurements to the search space
```

Author: of course it depends, but the numbers put it into perspective so no one thinks this is just 2x and not as much as 1000x, this is why I did the study, to get something better than just `significantly`
